MIG-1320 Issue in file migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/premigration-checklists-3-4.adoc (#61434)
openshift/openshift-docs: migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/premigration-checklists-3-4.adoc

----

* [ ] The link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/3.11/install_config/configuring_authentication.html#overview[identity provider] is working.

> * [ ] You have set the value of the `openshift.io/host.generated` annotation parameter to `true` for each {product-title} route to update their host name for the target cluster. Otherwise, the migrated routes retain the source cluster host name.

Author: @JoeAldinger Thank you for the review!
I am not sure I understand why you're suggesting changing 'their' to 'the'. It's about updating the host name of the routes, so why not 'their"? 
Or how about "...for each {product-title} route to update the routes' host name..."?

> * [ ] You have set the value of the `openshift.io/host.generated` annotation parameter to `true` for each {product-title} route to update their host name for the target cluster. Otherwise, the migrated routes retain the source cluster host name.

Reviewer: @sbeskin-redhat Apologies this was missed in the initial review. I would like to see this slightly changed for readability (and I like your suggestion above). 

```suggestion
* [ ] You have set the value of the `openshift.io/host.generated` annotation parameter to `true` for each {product-title} route, which updates the host name of the route for the target cluster. Otherwise, the migrated routes retain the source cluster host name.
```
WDYT?

> * [ ] You have set the value of the `openshift.io/host.generated` annotation parameter to `true` for each {product-title} route to update their host name for the target cluster. Otherwise, the migrated routes retain the source cluster host name.

Author: @stevsmit 
OK, changed
